This is my first project. I am 17 years old and have little to no coding experiance. I used chat GPT to come up help me make the idea, Model, Data, app, and website. It also tought me the basics of Python, VS code, Heroku, Github, and also how to use chatGPT in general to witch previously i have had no experienece using. this project is a vehicle classifirer that will look ant most types of image files and predict wheather it is a Sedan, SUV or Truck. this is the link to the website i made to use the app https://vehicle-classifier-c3f7ed58873f.herokuapp.com/

how to use:
The first step is to download Visual Studio Code from the website. Once you set up your account and have downloaded all the necessary files, go to the top left, click on "File", then "Open File", and select the file you want to open (vehicle-classifier). Next, you will need to download images that you want to classify (three different categories). Use the "resize_images.py" file to resize all the images to the correct size (150px x 150px). Ensure that the path to the file is set correctly for this and all future programs.
After verifying that everything is correct, run the program by clicking the play button in the top right that says "Run Python File". Check the output to ensure the images have been resized correctly. Once the images are resized, you need to split the data (80% training / 20% validation) using the "dataset_splitter.py" file. After verifying everything is correct, run the file and check to ensure the data has been split correctly. Then, go into the "vehicle_classifier_model.py" file, make sure the paths are set to the correct files, and run the file. You can test the model by going to the "image_tester.py" file, adding the path to the image you want to test, and making sure it is loading the correct file for the model. Run the program to test the model. The model may not be perfect, but you can always add more data to improve its accuracy. If you want to quantize the model, you can use the "quantize_model.py" file. Ensure it is quantizing the correct model, then run it. You can then go back into the "image_tester.py" file and use the quantized model to verify that it works. To push to Heroku, download Heroku and create an account. Then, go into the "app.py" file, change the model to the quantized one, and push it to Heroku using this command in the terminal (which you can access by pressing "Ctrl+`" and putting "git push heroku master" in the terminal and then pressing enter. At the end, it should give you a link to a website that looks like mine but is using your data. If you get an error message, you can put it into ChatGPT with context, and it should help you work through it or assist you in redesigning the website in the "index.html" file.
